I've been stationed in San Diego, Japan, Fallon, Nevada and now I'm in
Monterey. I was also in Pensacola for training for a time. Uh, I love
being overseas. It was a great experience. Um, a lot of very, especially
in Japan. I would recommend that anybody very unique culture,
very unique experience. It is difficult for spouses there to find
work if they said, if they desire to do so. San Diego's a fantastic
location stateside. We how is very expensive. But it's sunny all the
time, and the weather's great lots to do for both the member in the
family if they so desire. Because the size of the Navy contingent in
San Diego there's a lot of is a large support network there. Fallon
Nevada was in the middle of nowhere in the high desert. Um, my, my
wife would say that was her least favorite. I would say so to my job
was very interesting and a lot of very interesting flying, but it
is in the middle of nowhere, and it takes a special person Thio appreciate
that type of thing. Nonetheless, it was a good tour, and I enjoyed
it on again, a formative experience experience of my life. Monterey
is Ah is itself also unique experience. That's a very upscale
area that has a high cost of living. So as a za joo, you and with a
family, you might have to choose to live in base housing, which, incidentally,
is pretty good. But you don't won't necessarily get the chance
to live off base, depending on how much money you're willing to
pay.